
# Governance WG meeting May 7 2020
# author: Val Grimm
On Zulip #wg-governance

# Agenda items

* Pre-RFC RFC 
* Domain WG Retrospective


## Discussion topic: Pre-RFC RFC

* Discussion paused, spent meeting on third topic

## Discussion topic: Domain WG Retrospective

* Discussion paused, off-agenda item related to it discussed

## Discussion topic: How address big area/problem that is evergreen, what model

* e.g. error handling
* see [https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/213817-t-lang/topic/prioritization
and [https://hackmd.io/Czx3MwkpQeiC2_e9XI8OIw]
* Type of group?
* May have a done, may not, need a group that stays around to do this
* Proposed definitions discussed
* Need to discuss with WG leads, along with the questionnaire on domain WGs

## Action items
* complete draft of outreach email and send it
* Announce domain wg application closure (Niko)

Next meeting
* Domain WGs/Group models

Backlog agenda items
* Pre RFC RFC
* Discussion of visibility of resources e.g. mailing list item 
[https://groups.google.com/forum/#!searchin/mozilla.dev.platform/Accuracy$20of$20the$20list$20of$20Rust$20components$20in$20and$20around$20$20$20$20$20$20$20Firefox%7Csort:date/mozilla.dev.platform/7fxrk-susEI/UsAlv5-yB]
and discussion of creating unofficial instances
[https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/122653-zulip/topic/Crate.20stream.20prefix.3F/near/196290565]
Proposed item repeated and expanded from last meeting.
* Effective discussion of contested RFCs (e.g. turbfish)

## Next meeting
* Our next meeting will be 21 May 2020 via [Zulip](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance) 17:00 UTC.

[wg-governance]: https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/
[detailed minutes]: https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/blob/master/minutes/2020.05.07.md
[Zulip thread]: https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/223182-wg-governance/topic/Meeting.2020-05-07
